Add information about frame chaining to CLR ABI (#53563)
dotnet/runtime: docs/design/coreclr/botr/clr-abi.md

It describes requirements that the Just-In-Time (JIT) compiler imposes on the VM and vice-versa.

A note on the JIT codebases: JIT32 refers to the original JIT codebase that originally generated x86 code and was later ported to generate ARM code. JIT64 refers to the legacy .NET Framework codebase that supports AMD64. The RyuJIT compiler evolved from JIT32, and now supports all platforms and architectures. See [this post](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/the-ryujit-transition-is-complete) for more RyuJIT history.

[CoreRT](https://github.com/dotnet/corert) refers to an experimental runtime that is optimized for ahead-of-time compilation (AOT). The CoreRT ABI differs in a few details for simplicity and consistency across platforms. CoreRT has been superseded by [NativeAOT](https://github.com/dotnet/runtimelab/tree/feature/NativeAOT).

# Getting started

Read everything in the documented Windows and non-Windows ABI documentation.

> AMD64: See [x64 Software Conventions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/x64-software-conventions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AMD64: See [Windows x64 Software Conventions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/x64-software-conventions).
```
Or some hightlight the Windows-specfic vs. non-Windows links in some other way. It is not obvious that this link is Windows specific.

Author: I'm going to create Windows and non-Windows sub-sections.

ARM: See [Overview of ARM32 ABI Conventions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/overview-of-arm-abi-conventions).

ARM64: See [Overview of ARM64 ABI conventions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/arm64-windows-abi-conventions).

> ARM corporation ABI documentation is [here](https://developer.arm.com/architectures/system-architectures/software-standards/abi) and [here](https://github.com/ARM-software/abi-aa).

Reviewer: Nit: The company name is `Arm` (sentence case).

> The Linux System V x86_64 ABI is documented [here](https://software.intel.com/content/dam/develop/external/us/en/documents/mpx-linux64-abi.pdf), also [here](https://www.uclibc.org/docs/psABI-x86_64.pdf). It appears the latest version is 1.0 [here](https://github.com/hjl-tools/x86-psABI/wiki/x86-64-psABI-1.0.pdf), with ABI source material [here](https://gitlab.com/x86-psABIs/x86-64-ABI).

Reviewer: Move it next to Windows AMD64 section so that both Windows and non-Windows x64 docs are next to each other?

> The Linux System V x86_64 ABI is documented [here](https://software.intel.com/content/dam/develop/external/us/en/documents/mpx-linux64-abi.pdf), also [here](https://www.uclibc.org/docs/psABI-x86_64.pdf). It appears the latest version is 1.0 [here](https://github.com/hjl-tools/x86-psABI/wiki/x86-64-psABI-1.0.pdf), with ABI source material [here](https://gitlab.com/x86-psABIs/x86-64-ABI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Linux and macOS x64 calling convention is documented in [System V Application Binary Interface AMD64 Architecture Processor Supplement](https://github.com/hjl-tools/x86-psABI/wiki/x86-64-psABI-1.0.pdf), with ABI source material [here](https://gitlab.com/x86-psABIs/x86-64-ABI).
```
I do not think we need multiple links to the same doc here. I would include the name of the doc in the link so that people can still find it in case the link becomes non-functional.

# System V x86_64 support

This section relates mostly to calling conventions on System V systems (such as Ubuntu Linux and Mac OS X).
The general rules outlined in the System V x86_64 ABI documentation are followed with a few exceptions, described below:

> 1. The hidden argument for by-value passed structs is always after the `this` parameter (if there is one). This is a difference with the System V ABI and affects only the internal JIT calling conventions. For PInvoke calls the hidden argument is always the first parameter since there is no `this` parameter in this case.

Reviewer: > For PInvoke calls the hidden argument is always the first parameter since there is no `this` parameter in this case.

It should not be the case for CallConvMemberFunction https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/pull/47828/

Author: I only changed the formatting of `this` -- probably shouldn't have done that...

Anyway, I added, " (except for the `CallConvMemberFunction` case)."
